Flag to use CPU on TEDPolicy train (#10944)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/policies.mdx

  Please try using `linear_norm` as the value for `model_confidence`. This should make it easier to [handle actions predicted with low confidence](./fallback-handoff.mdx#handling-low-action-confidence).

* `use_gpu`:

>   This parameter defines the use of GPU on the training. Default `use_gpu` for this policy is `True`, when set to `False` will use the CPU for the training instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This parameter defines whether a GPU (if available) will be used training. By default, `TEDPolicy` will be trained on GPU if a GPU is available (i.e. `use_gpu` is `True`). To enforce that `TEDPolicy` uses only the CPU for training, set `use_gpu` to `False`.
```
